DOCS-2199: Add Safari browser to Apple Pay product rules (#1266)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/wallet/applepay/apple-pay-how-does-it-work.md

## How it works

> 1. The customer enters their credit card information into the Apple Pay app where it is digitized as an encrypted token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The customer enters their credit card information into the Apple Pay app where it is stored as an encrypted token. 
```

> 2. The customer authorizes the payment on a payment terminal using either [Touch ID or Face ID](https://www.apple.com/apple-pay). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The customer authorizes the payment on an iOS device using either [Touch ID or Face ID](https://www.apple.com/apple-pay). 
```

> 3. The tokenized data is encrpyted and sent to MultiSafepay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The tokenized data is encrypted and sent to MultiSafepay.
```

For information about using Apple Pay via our API, see API - [Apple Pay](/api/#applepay) page.

## Product rules

Apple Pay transactions are like credit card transactions and follow similar product rules, except for these specific differences:

- An SSL secured connection (HTTPS) is required.

- American Express is **not** supported.

- It is **not** possible to refund more than the amount of the original transaction. For more information, see [Refunding more than original transaction value](/faq/finance/refunding-more-than-original-transaction-value).

- Visa, Mastercard and Maestro transactions have a maximum refund period of 180 days. After this period, we recommend processing refunds by bank transfer.

- You can adjust the lifetime of payment links using the through the days_active or seconds_active parameters. For more information, see [Lifetime of a payment link](/faq/api/lifetime-of-a-payment-link).

* You can process transactions in [these standard currencies](/faq/general/currencies-supported).

> - You must use the Safari browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customers must use the Safari browser.
```
